well it's been nearly one week since the
escalation in Gaza and Israel began as
Israel's military action against Gaza
continues to intensify as we have seen
this evening some observers have raised
concerns over the views world leaders
have expressed on civilian safety AMA
bin javeed
reports world leaders have given
different views on upholding
international law to protect civilians
and civilian infrastructure depending on
the
circumstances this is the German
Chancellor Russian soldiers committed a
massacre of Ukrainian civilians
including children women and old people
the murder of civilians is a war crime
to be clear the perpetrators and those
who gave the command must be held
accountable our own history our
responsibility That Grew From The
Holocaust makes it our Eternal duty to
stand up for Israel's existence and
security this responsibility guides us
our attachment to Israel today is also
very
direct on Tuesday European leaders stood
for Israel while these images of Israeli
strikes in Gaza were being broadcast
live but last year the European
commission president laid out the law
about targeting civilian infrastructure
The Intern National order is very clear
these are war crimes targeted attacks on
civilian infrastructure with a clear aim
to cut off men women children of water
electricity and heating with the winter
coming these are acts of pure Terror and
we have to call it as such that's not
something Israel's prepared to hear its
energy Minister said no electrical
switch will be turned on no water
hydrant will be open and no fuel truck
will enter Gaza until the Israeli
abductees are returned no one will
preach morals to us us us us and while
the US president has urged Israel to
respect the rules of War his secretary
of state said this I'm here quite simply
uh with one message and that is the
United States stands with Israel today
tomorrow every
day
a message his Republican Rivals agree on
we're in a religious War here I am with
Israel do whatever the hell you have to
do to defend yourself level the place
and I'll say this to to prime minister
Netanyahu finish them finish
them Palestinians say the world has
double standards when it comes to
upholding international law which
protects
civilians
Al okay well Sultan badut joins us once
again and I just first of all uh wanted
to get your reaction to uh some of the
world leaders there speaking out about
what is happening in Gaza what what
stood out for you
there the genocidal language to be
honest I mean get them finish them all
that stuff um it's strange but it is
understandable when you place it within
the context of their own history their
relationship with the Jewish people what
they've been through the Holocaust Etc
you can understand that uh they're under
pressure uh it's a very soft spot as far
as they're concerned they have to become
more Israelis than the Israelis when the
issue of Holocaust is is provoked uh but
that is not the Palestinians problem I
mean the Palestinian the state was
created after the Holocaust Israel was
imposed on the Palestinians and it is
very important for those leaders to
remember that the Palestinians in Gaza
in particular almost 75% of them are
refugees from towns and Villages that
the Israelis have first occupied in 48
and then in ' 67 so they are already
under International protection and have
been for 75 years in that place fed and
sheltered by the United Nations paid for
by those same states to try and keep the
Palestinians under the lid now uh they
have layers and layers of international
protection first as a refugee as a
civilian children women Etc they the
laws are endless and Israel has um piles
of files in international courts that
have really been dismissed over over the
years and I fear that this kind of
language will come back to ha those
people uh the longer this conflict goes
on the more images emerge as of from the
victims and also if the Palestinians are
pushed out of the Gaza Strip they will
end up on on European uh Shores and then
I think they will have they'll have to
take a very different view on this yeah
okay thank you so much uh Sultan we
really do appreciate your time and your
insight into this I just want to go back
to the live pictures from Gaza now where
we are seeing absolutely a huge uh
bombardment of the Gaza Strip this
evening uh as we have mentioned ,400
Palestinians have already been killed in
Israeli air strikes almost
350,000 have been displaced and we
Imagine by the end of this evening there
in Gaza that those numbers are going to
rise uh continue to rise as people try
and take uh Shelter From the constant
bombardment uh from the Israeli Air
Force